Update IsPlayerInGangZone.md (#847)
openmultiplayer/web: docs/scripting/functions/IsPlayerInGangZone.md

0: The player is not in gangzone.

## Notes

:::warning

> This function is native to OMP and not SAMP. For use with SAMP, you will need YSF plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function is native to OMP and not SAMP. For use with SAMP, you will need [YSF](https://github.com/IS4Code/YSF/releases) plugin.
```
